Eight-pose rebuild against the supplied walk reference.

Motion reference: https://krznmedia.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/walk-cycle.gif
The source diagram credits Idleworm animation tutorials.
Reference poses are individually mirrored to face left; their order is unchanged.
Gray reference limbs are called near; unfilled limbs are called far.
The ninth reference pose repeats contact and is omitted from the eight-frame loop.

Original pixels: art/borin.walk-left.promoted-1790377807996.png
Rebuild: node demos/forest/scripts/animate-borin-side-walk.mjs --review
The original upper-body poses are no longer shuffled and relabeled as phases.
Both arms have separate shoulder/elbow/wrist positions. Legs have explicit
hip/knee/ankle positions and foot angles. Tall boot cuffs overlap folded calves.
The original face, clothing and leather pixels supply the art; there is no AI
redraw or color grading. Body bob remains 0,+2,0,-2, repeated for the second step.
The same eight 100x140 cells play at 10 fps. Right walking mirrors this sheet.

Pose audit, facing left:

1 CONTACT
  Near leg forward, heel planted and toe raised; far leg behind on its toe.
  Near arm back, elbow bent with fist down; far arm forward, forearm bent up.
2 RECOIL
  Near support foot flat, knee bending as the body lowers.
  Far leg lifted behind with the knee bent and toe hanging down.
  Near arm stays back; far arm stays forward, with a smaller swing.
3 PASSING
  Near leg supports beneath the body. Far knee passes ahead with its foot raised.
  Arms return toward the body; the near forearm angles slightly forward and down.
4 HIGH POINT
  Near support leg trails with heel raised. Far knee leads, foot raised and angled down.
  Near arm swings forward with a bent-up forearm; far arm swings back and down.
5 CONTACT
  Far leg forward, heel planted and toe raised; near leg behind on its toe.
  Near arm forward with forearm bent up; far arm back with fist down.
6 RECOIL
  Far support foot flat, knee bending as the body lowers.
  Near leg lifted behind with the knee bent and toe hanging down.
  Near arm remains forward; far arm remains back, with a smaller swing.
7 PASSING
  Far leg supports beneath the body. Near knee passes ahead with its foot raised.
  Arms return toward the body; near wrist hangs below and behind its elbow.
8 HIGH POINT
  Far support leg trails with heel raised. Near knee leads with its foot raised.
  Near arm swings back and down; far arm swings forward with a bent-up forearm.

The dwarf's short legs, heavy boots and coat overlap more than the stick figure.
The comparison preserves the full cell and body bob rather than independently
scaling or registering each pose. poses.json records the actual joint locations.
Generation checks each arm and leg independently for opaque attachment continuity.
